chainNue

medium

# Users might interact with deactivated plugin which is planned to be removed resulting unknown behaviour

## Summary

Users might interact with deactivated plugin's function which is planned to be removed, possibly might raise some issue depends on the reason why the plugin is planned to be removed.

## Vulnerability Detail

Compared to previous Telcoin audit code base, current `StakingModule.sol` implement a plugin mechanism where protocol can add and remove plugin with a slight different way. Before adding a plugin to the staking contract, it need to be activate first, while before removing a plugin, it need to be deactivate first.

Looking at this condition, there is a possible scenario where a registered plugin need to be removed, then the plugin is already deactivated, but before the plugin is being completely removed through `removePlugin` some users are trying to execute transactions which they still see the plugin is still exist in StakingModule, even though it's actually already deactivated.

The issue exist because `nPlugins` value is still the same even the plugin is deactivated, while this `nPlugins` is being used in many place for loop index length. In short, the `nPlugins` will loop `nPlugins` times and call to function in the Plugin contract.

Currently there are no sample Plugin contract exist (only interface), but if we check at the previous `SimplePlugin.sol` from last Telcoin audit, there is no `guard` to prevent a `deactivated` plugin to return a value. So, this condition will make a deactivated plugin will still accessible even though it's already deactivated.

Since any implementation of future Plugin contract is not in the scope of this audit (and previous `SimplePlugin.sol` didn't prevent `deactivated` plugin to return a value), also we can't really sure if this guard will be implemented or not in the plugin contract, therefore based on current code base, absence of detecting `deactivated` plugin in `StakingModule.sol` contract will raise issue.

Scenario:
- if currently there are 3 plugin (A, B and C) active and registered in StakingModule, therefore `nPlugins` is 3
- from these 3 plugins, everything works well
- up until, Telcoin decide to remove plugin B because it contains bugs or misconfiguration/miscalculation or else.
- to remove plugin B, the plugin need to deactivated first (but not yet removed in StakingModule)
- before Telcoin execute `removePlugin` some user execute a function (for example `claim()`) in which the StakingModule still not yet notified about the deactivation of plugin B.
- these users will affected of the condition (which depends on the decision of why plugin B need to be removed)
- they supposed to hold the transaction or execution after the plugin B is completely removed from StakingModule. 

## Impact

User can possibly call functions or execute transaction which they shouldn't do because it's going to be removed from StakingModule. (It depends on the reason why a plugin is planned to be removed, it might be because the plugin contains bugs, security issue, miscalculation, or else)

## Code Snippet


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/staking/StakingModule.sol#L529-L555

```solidity
File: StakingModule.sol
528:     /// @notice Adds a new plugin
529:     function addPlugin(address plugin) external onlyRole(PLUGIN_EDITOR_ROLE) {
530:         require(!IPlugin(plugin).deactivated(), "StakingModule::addPlugin: Cannot add deactivated plugin");
531:         require(IERC165(plugin).supportsInterface(type(IPlugin).interfaceId), "StakingModule::addPlugin: plugin does not support IPlugin");
532:         require(!pluginsMapping[plugin], "StakingModule::addPlugin: Cannot add an existing plugin");
533:
534:         plugins.push(plugin);
535:         pluginsMapping[plugin] = true;
536:         pluginIndicies[plugin] = nPlugins;
537:         nPlugins++;
538:
539:         emit PluginAdded(plugin, nPlugins);
540:     }
541:
542:     /// @notice Removes a plugin
543:     function removePlugin(uint256 index) external onlyRole(PLUGIN_EDITOR_ROLE) {
544:         address plugin = plugins[index];
545:
546:         require(IPlugin(plugin).deactivated(), "StakingModule::removePlugin: Plugin is not deactivated");
547:
548:         pluginsMapping[plugin] = false;
549:         plugins[index] = plugins[nPlugins - 1];
550:         pluginIndicies[plugins[index]] = index;
551:         plugins.pop();
552:         nPlugins--;
553:
554:         emit PluginRemoved(plugin, nPlugins);
555:     }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`removePlugin` function might need to have access to directly deactivate the plugin, so at the same time it will delete plugin from `plugins` array and decrease the nPlugins size. Or the simplest solution is just remove the plugin without checking whether it's deactivated or not, just like the previous Telcoin version.