Bauer

medium

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be mailciously executed

## Summary
The FeeBuyback contract does not allow owner to submit a deadline for there actions. In submit() function call there is a swap on 1 inch. This missing check enable pending transactions to be mailciously executed at a later point.

## Vulnerability Detail
The submit() is used to submits wallet transactions for owners. Inside the function, the protocol may swap the Fee token to TEL token on 1 inch . AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity(for example see [Uniswap V2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/0335e8f7e1bd1e8d8329fd300aea2ef2f36dd19f/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol#L229) and [Uniswap V3](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/SwapRouter.sol#L119)). The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter.If such an option is not present ,users can unkowingly perform bad trades:

1.Owner wants to submits wallet transactions, inside the submit() function, the protocol swap Fee token  to TEL token on 1 inch 
2.The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, user chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
3.When the average gas fee dropped far enough for user's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, his swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of fee could have drastically changed. The output token might be significantly lower. He has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.

An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:

The transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it. The price of token 0 has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning the protocol would receive a lot more token1 when the swap is executed. But that also means that her maximum slippage value is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.
A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated maximum slippage value now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches the user, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for the user.
```solidity
  function submit(address wallet, bytes memory walletData, address safe, address token, address recipient, uint256 amount, bytes memory swapData) external override payable onlyOwner() returns (bool) {
    //wallet validity check
    require(wallet != address(0), "FeeBuyback: zero wallet");
```
## Impact
See above

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/staking/FeeBuyback.sol#L45
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce a deadline parameter to all submit().