chainNue

medium

# Not calling approve(0) before setting a new approval causes the call to revert when used with Tether (USDT)

## Summary

Not calling approve(0) before setting a new approval causes the call to revert when used with Tether (USDT)

## Vulnerability Detail

Some tokens do not implement the ERC20 standard properly but are still accepted by most code that accepts ERC20 tokens. For example Tether (USDT)'s approve() function will revert if the current approval is not zero, to protect against front-running changes of approvals.

In `RootBridgeRelay.sol` there is a function which transfer / bridge ERC20 token, but doesn't approve(0).

```solidity
File: RootBridgeRelay.sol
69:     if (balance > IERC20Upgradeable(token).allowance(recipient, PREDICATE_ADDRESS)) {IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeApprove(PREDICATE_ADDRESS, MAX_INT);}
```

The one-liner code does not handle these sorts of tokens properly, which would prevent USDT, from being used by this project. 

I'm not really sure why Telcoin doesn't include USDT in their list of supported token (https://tokenlists.org/token-list?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/telcoin/token-lists/master/telcoins.json) but seeing USDT is third largest marketcap after BTC and ETH, at some point in the future, if not being requested by their clients, Telcoin will eventually list the USDT. (Unless, they state upfront about their lack of interest in USDT, otherwise adding an approve(0) now won't cost anything, so it's better implement it)

I noticed, the `FeeBuyback.sol` already implementing this approve(0) but not the `RootBridgeRelay.sol`, so I believe this issue should be accepted.

## Impact

The bridge transfer will fail / reverted if using any erc20 token which has similar characteristic as USDT. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/bridge/RootBridgeRelay.sol#L69

```solidity
File: RootBridgeRelay.sol
67:   function transferERCToBridge(address token) internal {
68:     uint256 balance = IERC20Upgradeable(token).balanceOf(address(this));
69:     if (balance > IERC20Upgradeable(token).allowance(recipient, PREDICATE_ADDRESS)) {IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeApprove(PREDICATE_ADDRESS, MAX_INT);}
70:     POS_BRIDGE.depositFor(recipient, token, abi.encodePacked(balance));
71:     emit BridgeERC(recipient, token, balance);
72:   }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use approve(_spender, 0) (or safeApprove) to set the allowance to zero immediately before each of the existing approve() calls.