monrel

medium

# Blacklist can be bypassed

## Summary

The current Stablecoin implementation allows blacklisted users to bypass the blacklisting by changing EOA accounts when moving in and out of DeFi pools.

## Vulnerability Detail

The _beforeTokenTransfer function in the Stablecoin contract checks if the destination address is blacklisted, but it does not check if the `from` address or the `msg.sender` is. This allows blacklisted users to circumvent the blacklisting mechanism by always transferring the tokens out to another EOA before he either swaps them or enters into a new pool where he can not be targeted.

The function below, [L191-194](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/stablecoin/Stablecoin.sol#L192-L194), is executed before tokens are transferred:
```solidity
function _beforeTokenTransfer(address, address destination, uint256) internal view override(ERC20Upgradeable, ERC20PresetMinterPauserUpgradeable) {

  require(!blacklisted(destination), "Stablecoin: destination cannot be blacklisted address");

}
```

If the blacklisted user is worried that Telcoin will blacklist his new EOA  he can either front-run that transaction or use flashbots to perform all transaction in a block before Telcoin has a chance to react.

## Impact

If blacklisted users can still interact with the tokens indirectly, it undermines the effectiveness of the blacklisting system and could lead to non-compliance with regulation that Telcoin is wishes to follow.

Example:

A user Bob has been put on the OFAC list and Telcoin blacklists Bob to comply. Bob is lending out is coins on a DeFi protocol. When Bob wishes to move his coins he does the following:
1. Tokens are moved from the DeFi protocol to a new EOA that is not blacklisted.
2. Tokens are then moved into a new pool.
3. When wishes to sell his stablecoins he again exits the pool into a new EOA and from there he sells them on a DEX.

Bob is able to use the stablecoin as long as he changes accounts with each exit of a pool and enters into a new one before it is blacklisted. He can guarantee that the new EOA are not blacklisted before he can move the tokens by using flashbots.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/stablecoin/Stablecoin.sol#L192-L194

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue `msg.sender` , `to` and `from` needs to be checked for blacklisting. 

USDC does this by creating a `notBlacklisted` modifier:
```solidity
modifier notBlacklisted(address _account) {
        require(
            !blacklisted[_account],
            "Blacklistable: account is blacklisted"
        );
        _;
    }
```
And checking that neither msg.sender, to nor from is blacklisted. E.g. for transferFrom, it looks like this:

```solidity
function transferFrom(...)
	...
        notBlacklisted(msg.sender)
        notBlacklisted(from)
        notBlacklisted(to)
        ...
```